CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Welcome to Take a break contributing guide <!-- omit in toc -->

Thank you for investing your time in contributing to our project! :sparkles:.

In this guide you will get an overview of the contribution workflow from opening an issue, creating a PR, reviewing, and merging the PR.

Use the table of contents icon <img src="/contributing/images/table-of-contents.png" width="25" height="25" /> on the top left corner of this document to get to a specific section of this guide quickly.

## New contributor guide

To get an overview of the project, read the [README](README.md). Here are some resources to help you get started with open source contributions:

- [Finding ways to contribute to open source on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/exploring-projects-on-github/finding-ways-to-contribute-to-open-source-on-github)
- [Set up Git](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/set-up-git)
- [GitHub flow](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/github-flow)
- [Collaborating with pull requests](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-pull-requests)

## Getting started

This project is accepting both code and non-code contributions.
Code contributions include:

- Bug fixes
- Code Improvements
- Feature addition/enhancement

Non-code contributions include:

- Documentation improvements
- Improvements to the assets used in the project

### Issues

#### Create a new issue

If you experience or identify an issue in the extension, [search if an issue already exists](https://docs.github.com/en/github/searching-for-information-on-github/searching-on-github/searching-issues-and-pull-requests#search-by-the-title-body-or-comments). If a related issue doesn't exist, you can open a new issue using a relevant [issue form](https://github.com/github/docs/issues/new/choose).

#### Solve an issue

Scan through the already raised issues to find one that interests you. You can narrow down the search using `labels` as filters. If you find an issue to work on, you are welcome to open a PR with a fix.

### Make Changes

#### Make changes in the UI

Click **Make a contribution** at the bottom of any docs page to make small changes such as a typo, sentence fix, or a broken link. This takes you to the `.md` file where you can make your changes and [create a pull request](#pull-request) for a review.

 <img src="/contributing/images/contribution_cta.png" />

#### Make changes in a codespace

For more information about using a codespace for working on GitHub documentation, see "[Working in a codespace](https://github.com/github/docs/blob/main/contributing/codespace.md)."

#### Make changes locally

1. Fork the repository.

- Using GitHub Desktop:

  - [Getting started with GitHub Desktop](https://docs.github.com/en/desktop/installing-and-configuring-github-desktop/getting-started-with-github-desktop) will guide you through setting up Desktop.
  - Once Desktop is set up, you can use it to [fork the repo](https://docs.github.com/en/desktop/contributing-and-collaborating-using-github-desktop/cloning-and-forking-repositories-from-github-desktop)!

- Using the command line:
  - [Fork the repo](https://docs.github.com/en/github/getting-started-with-github/fork-a-repo#fork-an-example-repository) so that you can make your changes without affecting the original project until you're ready to merge them.

2. Install or update to **Node.js**, at the version specified in `.node-version`. For more information, see [the development guide](contributing/development.md).

3. Create a working branch and start with your changes!

### Commit your update

Commit the changes once you are happy with them. Don't forget to [self-review](/contributing/self-review.md) to speed up the review process:zap:.

### Pull Request

When you're finished with the changes, create a pull request, also known as a PR.

- Fill the "Ready for review" template so that we can review your PR. This template helps reviewers understand your changes as well as the purpose of your pull request.
- Don't forget to [link PR to issue](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue) if you are solving one.
- Enable the checkbox to [allow maintainer edits](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/allowing-changes-to-a-pull-request-branch-created-from-a-fork) so the branch can be updated for a merge.
  Once you submit your PR, a Docs team member will review your proposal. We may ask questions or request additional information.
- We may ask for changes to be made before a PR can be merged, either using [suggested changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/incorporating-feedback-in-your-pull-request) or pull request comments. You can apply suggested changes directly through the UI. You can make any other changes in your fork, then commit them to your branch.
- As you update your PR and apply changes, mark each conversation as [resolved](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/commenting-on-a-pull-request#resolving-conversations).
- If you run into any merge issues, checkout this [git tutorial](https://github.com/skills/resolve-merge-conflicts) to help you resolve merge conflicts and other issues.

### Your PR is merged!

Congratulations :tada::tada: The GitHub team thanks you :sparkles:.

Once your PR is merged, your contributions will be publicly visible on the [GitHub docs](https://docs.github.com/en).

Now that you are part of the GitHub docs community, see how else you can [contribute to the docs](/contributing/types-of-contributions.md).

Commit message:

Return correct task name for overlapping tasks and update contributing.md

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Welcome to Take a break contributing guide <!-- omit in toc -->

Thank you for investing your time in contributing to our project! :sparkles:.

In this guide you will get an overview of the contribution workflow from opening an issue, creating a PR, reviewing, and merging the PR.

## New contributor guide

To get an overview of the project, read the [README](README.md). Here are some resources to help you get started with open source contributions:

- [Finding ways to contribute to open source on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/exploring-projects-on-github/finding-ways-to-contribute-to-open-source-on-github)
- [Set up Git](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/set-up-git)
- [GitHub flow](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/github-flow)
- [Collaborating with pull requests](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-pull-requests)

## Getting started

This project is accepting both code and non-code contributions.
Code contributions include:

- Bug fixes
- Code Improvements
- Feature addition/enhancement

Non-code contributions include:

- Documentation improvements
- Improvements to the assets used in the project

### Issues

#### Create a new issue

If you experience or identify an issue in the extension, [search if an issue already exists](https://docs.github.com/en/github/searching-for-information-on-github/searching-on-github/searching-issues-and-pull-requests#search-by-the-title-body-or-comments). If a related issue doesn't exist, you can open a new issue using a relevant [issue form](https://github.com/github/docs/issues/new/choose).

#### Solve an issue

Scan through the already raised issues to find one that interests you. You can narrow down the search using `labels` as filters. If you find an issue to work on, you are welcome to open a PR with a fix.

### Make Changes

1. Fork the repository.

- Using GitHub Desktop:

  - [Getting started with GitHub Desktop](https://docs.github.com/en/desktop/installing-and-configuring-github-desktop/getting-started-with-github-desktop) will guide you through setting up Desktop.
  - Once Desktop is set up, you can use it to [fork the repo](https://docs.github.com/en/desktop/contributing-and-collaborating-using-github-desktop/cloning-and-forking-repositories-from-github-desktop)!

- Using the command line:
  - [Fork the repo](https://docs.github.com/en/github/getting-started-with-github/fork-a-repo#fork-an-example-repository) so that you can make your changes without affecting the original project until you're ready to merge them.

2. Create a working branch and start with your changes!

### Commit your update

Commit the changes once you are happy with them. Don't forget to self-review to speed up the review process:zap:.

### Pull Request

When you're finished with the changes, create a pull request, also known as a PR.

- Fill the "Ready for review" template so that we can review your PR. This template helps reviewers understand your changes as well as the purpose of your pull request.
- Don't forget to [link PR to issue](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue) if you are solving one.
- Enable the checkbox to [allow maintainer edits](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/allowing-changes-to-a-pull-request-branch-created-from-a-fork) so the branch can be updated for a merge.
  Once you submit your PR, a Docs team member will review your proposal. We may ask questions or request additional information.
- Few changes can be asked before a PR can be merged, either using [suggested changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/incorporating-feedback-in-your-pull-request) or pull request comments. You can apply suggested changes directly through the UI. You can make any other changes in your fork, then commit them to your branch.
- As you update your PR and apply changes, mark each conversation as [resolved](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/commenting-on-a-pull-request#resolving-conversations).
- If you run into any merge issues, checkout this [git tutorial](https://github.com/skills/resolve-merge-conflicts) to help you resolve merge conflicts and other issues.

### Your PR is merged!

Congratulations :tada::tada: Thank you for contributing to Take a break :sparkles:.
