README.md, before:

# Take a break

<p align="center" width="100%">
	<img src="https://github.com/prajwalkulkarni/take-a-break/assets/22348265/99b74373-8a51-4d74-ac51-7e35403abaaf" alt="Take a break logo" />
</p>
Take a Break is a Chrome extension that monitors and reminds you to take breaks periodically.

## Features

Take a Break focuses on three important aspects during screen time. Look away from the screen, stay hydrated, and stretch your body. A default or recommended intervals are preset for different types of breaks that can be adjusted as per your requirements.

<p align="center" width="100%">
	<img src="https://github.com/prajwalkulkarni/take-a-break/assets/22348265/46ff926f-7aa6-4cb1-a567-bff69bbca66d" alt="Extension popup"/>
</p>
When it is time to take a break, the extension nudges an overlay on the active tab reminding you to take a break.
This overlay can be dismissed before it is automatically removed after the break duration.
<p align="center" width="100%">
	<img src="https://github.com/prajwalkulkarni/take-a-break/assets/22348265/9ea4b2a6-2a6c-43b3-9139-a9fedc965db1" alt="Extension feature""/>
</p>
Additionally, you can enable push notifications that broadcast a notification at every break interval. This is especially useful when you perform tasks across browser and other applications.

## Running the project locally

Clone this repository, and simply run:
`yarn install`

## Contribution

This project is open-sourced and accepting contributions. Kindly go through the [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) to get started.

Commit message:

Update instructions for running the project locally

README.md, after:

# Take a break

<p align="center" width="100%">
	<img src="https://github.com/prajwalkulkarni/take-a-break/assets/22348265/99b74373-8a51-4d74-ac51-7e35403abaaf" alt="Take a break logo" />
</p>
Take a Break is a Chrome extension that monitors and reminds you to take breaks periodically.

## Features

Take a Break focuses on three important aspects during screen time. Look away from the screen, stay hydrated, and stretch your body. A default or recommended intervals are preset for different types of breaks that can be adjusted as per your requirements.

<p align="center" width="100%">
	<img src="https://github.com/prajwalkulkarni/take-a-break/assets/22348265/46ff926f-7aa6-4cb1-a567-bff69bbca66d" alt="Extension popup"/>
</p>
When it is time to take a break, the extension nudges an overlay on the active tab reminding you to take a break.
This overlay can be dismissed before it is automatically removed after the break duration.
<p align="center" width="100%">
	<img src="https://github.com/prajwalkulkarni/take-a-break/assets/22348265/9ea4b2a6-2a6c-43b3-9139-a9fedc965db1" alt="Extension feature""/>
</p>
Additionally, you can enable push notifications that broadcast a notification at every break interval. This is especially useful when you perform tasks across browser and other applications.

## Running the project locally

Clone this repository, and simply run:
`yarn install`
Once the dependendcies are installed, enable the developer mode in your chrome browser by navigating to extensions > manage extensions & turn on developer mode.

Next, start the project by running `yarn watch` or `yarn build` (for a production build). The project is running, head back to the extension setting on the browser and click on "Load unpacked" and select the dorectory that houses this project.

## Contribution

This project is open-sourced and accepting contributions. Kindly go through the [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) to get started.
